h1. Pharmacy AT

Pharmacy AT (PHARMAT) is a sample application used for the development of the Écrit automated user documentation project. Its purpose is
to provide a small, yet comprehensive enough application and scenario to give a meaningful testbed.

h2. Application Domain

The application models a very basic pharmacy application software, considering austrian regulations, distributing pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical articles to customers. It provides the following basic features:

* Basic Article management (update article list)
* Basic stock management (add article, order article, remove article, refill article)
* User role support
* Bill "management"
* Prescription "management"


h3. Audiences

The following audiences, resp. user roles have been identified in our pharmacy:

h4. SELLER

The seller is responsible for taking care of customer needs. He takes orders for articles, checks their availability on stock - possibly back-ordering them, takes prescriptions as "vouchers" for articles and bills the remainder for direct payment of the customer.

h4. STOCKIST

The stockist is responsible for taking care of the article stock. He updates the list of articles available on the market, performs back-orders with pharmaceutical enterprises, adds, removes and refills articles in the stock.

h4. CLERK

The clerk covers matters of bookkeeping. It is her responsibility to check the balance. That is, for each article that has been sold within a bill, either a resp. prescription has to exist, or the amount must have been paid by the customer directly.

h4. SYSADMIN

The system administrator manages user accounts to the system, and determines the access rights to the different functions. He is also
responsible for ensuring the general availability of the system and its correct working.

h3. Tasks (and Error Messages)


h4. Common tasks

h4. Audience specific tasks